# backend-python
Nomad Health is the first digital marketplace for healthcare jobs, efficiently connecting quality clinicians with rewarding career opportunities. Forbes recognized Nomad as one of the “Best Startup Employers”, Newsweek included Nomad on its "Most Loved Workplaces" list and Built In NYC named Nomad one of the “Best Mid-Sized Companies To Work For.” Our technology takes the busywork out of finding clinical work. We are a well-funded Series D startup backed by First Round Capital, RRE Ventures, .406 Ventures, Polaris Partners, Icon Ventures, Adams Street Partners, and Kevin Ryan (founder of MongoDB, Zola, Gilt, and DoubleClick). 
 
The U.S. healthcare system is experiencing a staffing crisis. Employers spend $20 billion per year recruiting clinicians to care for the rapidly aging U.S. population. Nomad replaces antiquated staffing agencies with modern technology to efficiently source, qualify, and hire medical talent on demand. Clinicians find better jobs with higher pay. Employers fill roles faster with higher quality care.  
Nomad is a fast growing team of technologists, creators, and industry experts passionate about modernizing healthcare staffing so clinicians can get back to the work they do best: caring for others.

Responsibilities include: 
  Work closely with a small, dynamic team to build product and platform features that will  improve the performance and experience of Nomad 
  Define and implement best practices for clean, extensible code
  Own the architecture, frameworks, and toolkits used to build and maintain the product 
  Provide mentorship to fellow engineers
  Lead discussions and contribute to technical architecture decisions
  
Who Are You?
  Backend development experience in Python, Ruby, PHP or a similar language. 
  Strong object-oriented design principles
  Demonstrated ability to take projects from concept to software design
  Strong drive to bring new products and ideas to market quickly, a willingness to experiment and take risks, and a desire to work in a tight-knit, dynamic, collaborative environment 
  
Bonus Qualifications:   
  Experience building native mobile apps or using libraries like React Native
  Experience with Flask, NoSQL databases
  Experience productionizing machine learning models
  Experience with GCP, CircleCI, Kubernetes ecosystems
 
Nomad offers a fast-paced, supportive, diverse culture. Benefits include comprehensive health, dental, and vision plans, 401k matching, and a remote-friendly culture, including an annual stipend to kit out your home office.
 
Exciting challenges lie ahead. Join us! Let's get to work.
